Update index.md to update Grafana Assume Role Notes (#94961)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/aws-authentication/index.md

## Use Grafana Assume Role

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Grafana Assume Role is currently in [private preview]({{< relref "https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle" >}}) for Grafana Cloud. To get early access this feature, reach out to Customer Support and ask for the `awsDatasourcesTempCredentials` feature toggle to be enabled and set the cloudwatchRemoteDatasource and athenaRemoteDatasource feature toggles to false on your account. It is currently only available for CloudWatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Assume Role is currently in [private preview]({{< relref "https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle" >}}) for Grafana Cloud.

It's currently only available for Amazon CloudWatch.

To get early access this feature, reach out to Customer Support and ask for the `awsDatasourcesTempCredentials` feature toggle to be enabled and the `cloudwatchRemoteDatasource` and `athenaRemoteDatasource` feature toggles to be disabled on your account.
```

Author: signing the CLA is done now.
